all right we are now recording welcome
to the project operations sync as of
August 5th um wonderful to have you all
here and Deitrick do you want to start
us off with community and maintenance
items yeah everybody so we should blog
post last week telling the community and
all of our users the changes that we've
made to make sure that ipfs is gonna be
stable they stopped too fast and all the
other good things well documented so
links outs to all the work that you are
doing are there everybody here is gonna
be surprised because you probably
reviewed the post to get with but if you
have any updated links or any change
things you know where to do that the
community bit has a has a link to a kind
of matrix that we started building to
understand what's covered when it's
tested and how the short answer to the
to the action item from last week was
yes han wreak on Rica's testing manually
things like web UI against the latest
releases and it was called pretty
confident that there weren't any issues
or didn't see any issues but that kind
of opened up the question of how do how
do we communicate that proactively and
how do we understand the sum total of
things that need to be tested when
they're tested how they're tested
what are we not testing that we should
be testing so that's where this kind of
came out of there's still a lot of
question marks there where we don't
really have a full understanding and I
think part of that is just connecting
with Allie and one week to finish
filling this bit out but if you have any
thoughts about other things that should
be here or something that is covered or
have a link to where the tests are and
how often they're run through in CI any
of the relevant information I'll be
really helpful thanks super cool we
should stick this on the github because
it would be awesome to have sting
matrixes there as well I know that I've
seen some of these in the past for other
reap outs yeah I think I think once we
get to a point of where we understand
that this is the right list of things
and then we have issues to wings to
point to what exists and then issues for
things that we know gaps we don't want
to fill it will definitely move it to
one of the places Allen you're probably
the or I guess this involves all all the
implementations so I'll just bring it up
at the core implementations meeting and
ask what people think we're a good home
with me awesome thank you thank you all
right
do we want to flow into collaborations
and we'll just work our way back up
maybe yeah Arkady Peter one of you sure
Mike how do you want to get this update
sorry sorry I was distracted looking at
a blog post where were i collaboration
updates if you added eNOS item there yes
update the main which required summary
synchronization but I think we should be
good also I saw that Steve merged their
PR I guess yesterday so that should
block them from our side and the just
like Jessica's questioned there is a
collaborations repository and right now
the way of I guess starting or asking
about a cloud possibility is to file an
issue in that repo and it's got a little
template that fills out its as you
answer a couple different questions and
people like Arkady and Molly and myself
and the particular look at those sooner
or later and commenting or reaching out
to you but part of the project that are
cutting and I are working on right now
is making that a little bit more
systematic and part of that hopefully
will be making it easier and clearer for
new people come into the project you
want to start up a collaboration or want
to put that for it as a possible you
have a discussion about it I'll link the
collabs repo there teacher you gotta
give the operatic
yeah we had we had a meeting there you
know our main contact there was out for
most of the summer and people are
starting to come back because it's
Norway almost the entire building it
said of like was up from the summer so
as engineering teams are coming back
these conversations are picking up again
which is great awesome awesome alright
and core implementation is Stephen or
Alan
I well I can't speak with a go stuff we
have a quorum I press release imminent
where it's the end of stage three
whistling a few sign offs which would
hopefully get today or what we look at
today and as this morning there's a
draft blog post for the release process
process and Jim has gotten the fist
punch park system working at scope as
master he's working on getting this to
fly upstream so there's my updates and I
guess Alan can give us update yeah of
course
so if on the Jess I bet her side of
things the 0:37 release is imminent
there is a release candidate which has
been out for probably two weeks now I
guess so that's kind of cool
no major blockers with no one's reported
any major blockers on that yet which is
great there is a couple of to do so I
still need to get done before we can
release there's the Juris that IP
address though website needs to be
updated the examples on there are
incorrect now that we have a new
constructor in this release so I'm just
changing that up but it's being annoying
just taking time and I need to write a
blog post for the release as usual and
so yeah it's the note that this was
under 26 different people that made 2091
separate contributions in one way or
another
so it's kind of cool and the full list
is in the issue the release issue and so
next up once
0:37 is released I plan to put in the
new goodness from the go ipfs release
process and update our release flow to
be in line in one way or another that
makes sense for JSF FS so that's my
update
oh so from a sequencing thing it sounds
like we should aim for getting the Deus
release out hold on a second find me a
Steven oh yeah
um so we should aim to get the Jace
release out and then time to go release
with there
process update since it'll be a little
bit confusing if we talk about having a
release process update and then we do a
release that's not related to the
release process update so right now
timing perspective let's make sure that
we we get the json' out before the go
one and that we time to go on with the
release no we did follow release process
release so it is related the JSI PFS
release process oh yeah alright so did
the issues that the chairs either FS
release pocus is similar but it's no no
longer would it go access release
process is completely completely change
now so we want to make make them a bit
more similar so yeah getting the j
serbia first release out and followed by
the information that the go ideas really
the process has changed will probably
make more sense to people yeah and I
think the thing I'm I have not looked
much through the blog posts Thank You
Steven for all of the hard work on that
but I think we were also hoping to have
some illustrations to pull in there to
make this kind of easier to visually
parts and understand and so from a
timing of of making that post we also
might want to push it back a few extra
days if we can cause caused it to line
up well with those illustrations and
make it accessible and and wonderous
from a visual perspective
any other things
what's coming next for folks after we
are feel like we're we've done a sprint
on kind of the first set of things what
are folks for seeing or worried about
for the rest of the quarter going
forward
I started finally she isn't happening a
bunch of these are cares to the to the
actual issues and one of the things that
sitting in the back of my head is
finishing that work so that we have an
understanding of that what comes next
according to the list we all agreed on
before the court had started hopefully I
will get further in then this week I was
also taking a look at how our okay ours
we don't have an update from I guess I
can't drag into a window that I'm
currently sharing last but I can
probably do this um we don't have an
update from research this week because
daveed is out through the end of August
but I there the research call from last
week was super super awesome if folks
attended on Wednesday talking about
various things I literally was having
dreams last night about shorted DHT
constructions it was like very vivid and
rather trippy I do not recommend having
very deep dreams about how to structure
a DHT it's complicated but but also fun
so recommend watching that on youtube if
you aren't people to attend it in person
these if you have a link to that can you
add it to the minutes like to rewatch or
watch for the first time delay can do oh
I'll look for that I don't have it on me
at the moment it's probably I believe
somewhere soon on the ipfs youtube
channel but I don't have the details
alright other things from our okay ours
um are there any updates around IP NS or
benchmarking
well there's the update from about
benchmarking now I'd be nice though what
is the update around benchmarking the
fact that Jim has the benchmarks
I was working against got this but this
is not never question party this is just
like in trumpet or got a drop like
integration benchmarking so like like
sent if I want you to do that computer
right I forgot about that which is
awesome yeah that's super good news it's
it means that you know we can start they
can a system that already exists can
start being useful to go ipfs as well as
JFS just like reverse yeah and and it's
really it's really closely with Jim has
spent relatively little time on this
really and yeah it's kind of ready to go
the idea is to get the pull request
merged this week well tomorrow ideally
or at least reviewed and then there is a
community call tomorrow in the afternoon
for me for testing ipfs and lipid to be
testing where I believe Jim is going to
be demoing the work that he's been he's
done and showing the progress so that
should make the whole thing a lot
clearer and but yeah the main the main
kind of headline is the the existing
system is now building go ipfs from
master and running tests against it
which is super good news because
previously it was just running building
JSI person running the test against that
so so is there a place where I can go
and see ok I guess maybe we should just
look these things up on github that'll
do there's a yeah this I can pull
requests if you're interested in that I
was more like I kind of want there to be
a web UI for these benchmarks and so I
was curious whether that exists
somewhere that I just haven't found yeah
not so much but the graph Anna
kind of tool Jim has been playing
rounded that quite a bit and has done
some different visualizations of the
data which make a lot more sense than
the things that I showed on the previous
meeting
he's just basically pulled it out and
made it look a bit better separated
about the tests in some cases
essentially Gravano is infinitely
configurable it's just having a
knowledge and ability to do it that he's
done I can see is quite a good job of
making what was there a lot easier to
digest my problem was I was typing in
benchmarks on IBM I thought I oh and
expecting that to take me to benchmarks
I give us that team and a team TLD was
not familiar to me and so I assume ipfs
performance knew maybe are the new
graphs multi peer transfer local I had a
big cool stuff so I think what we're
talking about
he's been doing it on his local instance
and we're hoping to get merch and
released as soon as we can so it will be
demoed tomorrow and then we can feedback
on it whether or not has been pushed to
the production or not if it's not on
production then it will be general don't
work from his laptop say um you you
should be able to see the progress there
but not before super snazzy I'll make
you alright any other updates things for
the future
we already got a 1.0 on this one and I
saw a bajillion open issues from
around I give us camp content and having
people and if share share the cool stuff
that they've been doing in a forum that
is more more accessible to people who
weren't able to make it to camp in
person which is cool
and I feel like we're making really good
progress on a lot of these so probably
we're we're not quite at mid-quarter
grading as of yet but that's coming I
believe in like two two weeks from now
and I feel like we're making very decent
progress but useful also to peek at any
of these that you have your name next to
and see how you feel about about where
we're at
other topics questions people want to
take ten minutes back
all right the fastest of meetings I will
see all of you guys in hopefully ten
minutes for the weekly call all he's
gonna be giving us a cool run through of
shipyard and there's so many things in
shipyard that this is gonna be like he's
gonna be the Navigator guiding us
through all of the very ship in lanes
I've also got a lot it's gonna be great
I'll leave the captain it's very
appropriate I feel like you might even
have a captain hat somewhere I believe
it perfect I'll see all of you guys
shortly bye